gh-121657: Display correct error message for yield from outside of a … (#121680)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-07-13-12-27-31.gh-issue-121657.wgOYLw.rst

> Show the correct ``SyntaxError`` if the user tries to use ``yield from`` outside a function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the :exc:`SyntaxError` message if the user tries to use
:keyword:`yield from <yield>` outside a function.
```

(I'm not sure whether `yield from` is a recnogized keyword but I know that `yield` is. And I think the keyword role should support the special syntax with those <>, if not it's something I need to fix in Sphinx).

Btw, this *should* point to the "yield" section which contains something about "yield from" as well. 

EDIT: to jump to the token itself, it's <code>:token:\`~python-grammar:yield_from\`</code> but I think it's not the best location for a link...
